Update Security-audits.md (#12057)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/Security-audits.md

| ----------- | -------------- |
| Enumeration | Low risk       |

> User enumeration by a logged-in user is not a critical issue. Still, when it is done by a user with minimal privileges, such as a team observer, it is a leak of information, and depending on why you use teams, it might be a problem. For this reason, we are planning to make only team administrators able to enumerate users, so they can add them to their own teams. This finding is addressed by [Issue 5657](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/5657) and has been resolved and tested in Fleet 4.31.0.

Reviewer: Couple things:
1. Still says "we are planning to..." (it's done, right?)
2. I think we can just remove the link to the issue now it's resolved– we've got a list of all the related issues further down the page that already includes it, and I didn't see any particularly useful info in the discussion that isn't covered here already)

I recommend changing to something along the lines of:
```suggestion
User enumeration by a logged-in user is not a critical issue. Still, when done by a user with minimal privileges (such as a team observer), it is a leak of information, and might be a problem depending on how you use teams. For this reason, only team administrators are able to enumerate users as of Fleet 4.31.0.
```
